
Airline logo link to homepage

Book

My trips

Travel info

MileagePlus

Deals
Help

English - US $
Sign in

Airline Economy
Airline Economy® has a wide range of inflight services and amenities for you to enjoy.

Food and drinks

Entertainment

Compare your options

Food and drinks
From packaged snacks, snack boxes, fresh food, and wine – there are a lot of dining options in Airline Economy. We use contactless payment on board, so if you want to buy food or drinks, you can either use Tap to Pay on Airline flights when Wi-Fi is available or save a form of payment before your flight.


On every flight

Free soft drinks, juices, tea and fresh brewed illy® coffee.

Flights between 300 and 500 miles*	Flights over 500 miles*	Flights over 1190 miles*
free snacks
Beer, wine and spirits available for purchase
free snacks
Beer, wine and spirits available for purchase
Premium snacks and snackboxes available for purchase
free snacks
Beer, wine and spirits available for purchase
Premium snacks and snackboxes available for purchase
Bistro on Board available for purchase
On international flights**

Free bread, salad, a main entree and dessert.


Free midflight sandwich on flights longer than 12 hours and a free pre-arrival meal.


Free house beer and wines, soft drinks, juices, tea and freshly brewed illy coffee.***


Spirits and liqueurs available for purchase.

*	Flights within North America, the Caribbean and most of Latin America.
**	Flights to or from Asia, Europe, the Middle East, the South Pacific and select destinations in Latin America.
***	illy Cold Brew Classico is available for purchase.
Entertainment
Airline Economy customers have several inflight entertainment options. To find out what’s available on your flight, check your flight status online or in the Airline app within 24 hours of your departure.

Airline Private Screening
Enjoy movies and shows from our entertainment partners with Airline Private ScreeningSM. You can watch Airline Private Screening on our seatback entertainment system or your personal device.


This service is sponsored by the MileagePlus® Explorer Card.



DIRECTV
Watch over 100 channels of live TV and new Hollywood movies with DIRECTV® on select Boeing 737 planes.


Audio entertainment
Listen to podcasts, music and our exclusive “from the flight deck” channel.


Airline Wi-Fi
Stay connected with Airline Wi-FiSM, available for purchase on most flights.


Hemispheres
Read up on travel, food and drink, culture, and more.

Compare your options

Economy
standard legroom icon	Pick your seat
coffee cup icon	Free snacks and drinks
entertainment icon	Free inflight entertainment
Book Economy now

Economy Plus
extra legroom icon	Extra legroom
premier access icon	Seats in front of the Airline Economy sections
plane icon	Available on all Airline flights and most Airline Express® flights
Economy Plus experience

Premium cabins
Get more space, more amenities and free checked bags with a seat in our Airline First®, Airline Business® or Airline Polaris® business class cabins.

Premium cabin experience
Preferred seating
A preferred seat is a Airline Economy seat that’s closer to the front of the plane. MileagePlus members can earn Premier Qualifying Points (PQP) for buying preferred seats, and MileagePlus Premier® members can choose preferred seats for free.

You can buy a preferred seat in My trips or on the Airline app.


Use your miles
You can now use miles to upgrade on Airline and Airline Express flights within the U.S. Pay for preferred seating and Economy Plus® with miles when you book an Economy or Basic Economy ticket.

Was this helpful?YesNo

About Airline

Products and services

Popular destinations
Careers
Important notices

Search Search

English - Airline States $

| Español
Contract of carriageLengthy tarmac delay planLegal informationOur Airline Customer CommitmentHelp CenterAccessible travelPrivacy PolicyDo Not Sell or Share My Personal InformationInterest Based AdsAirline JetstreamCargo
Indicates an external site that may or may not meet accessibility guidelines. Copyright © 2025 Airline Airlines, Inc. All rights reserved.
Airline logo link to homepage
Airline is a proud member of Star Alliance

CoBrowse


Site Feedback
