Save on your ticket price and get most of the same inflight services as standard Economy, like drinks, snacks, and inflight entertainment. Make sure to
check the rules and restrictions before booking.
Your bags
Personal item
You can travel with one personal item, like a shoulder bag, backpack, or laptop bag that fits under the seat in front of you.
Your bags
Your seats
Changing flights
At the airport
Carry-on bag
Carry-on bags are not included unless you're flying to Canada, South America, across the Atlantic or on an international flight across the Pacific. You need to check any carry-on bags before airport security for a fee starting at $35. If you bring a carry-on bag to the gate that won't fit under the seat, you need to pay a
$65 fee to check it.
Checked bags
If your flight across the Pacific is international, you get one free checked bag, excluding China and Tahiti.
For MileagePlus Premier members or cardholders
You get one free carry-on if you’re a MileagePlus member with Premier status, traveling with a Premier member, or are the primary card member of a
qualifying* MileagePlus credit card with Priority Boarding.
*The Airline Gateway Card and the Airline MileagePlus Select Card do not qualify for a free carry-on bag in Basic Economy.
Baggage fee calculator
Depending on where and how you travel, you may have to pay to check your bag. Use our calculator to see how much it'll cost to check your bags.
Calculate baggage fees
®
SM ®
Your seats
Seat assignments
We’ll pick a seat for you and automatically assign it to you before boarding.
Sitting with children
Up to two children under 12 can sit next to the first adult listed on the reservation for free. You can select these seats after booking in My trips on our
website or “Seat preferences” in the Airline app seat map. The rest of your party may be separated. To help make sure everyone is seated together,
consider paying to select seats for everyone.
Changes and cancellations
While changes may not be allowed, you can cancel your flight for a refund within 24 hours according to our flexible booking policy. You can then book a
new trip if you want. You can also cancel your trip after 24 hours for a partial travel credit.
At the airport
Checking bags
If you’re bringing any bag larger than a personal item, you need to check it. If you’re checking a bag, you can check in through our website or app. Bring your bags to the airport to confirm weight and size.
Carrying a personal item only
If you’re not checking a bag, you need to check in at the airport. We’ll confirm your personal item meets size and height requirements at the airport.
Boarding group
You’ll board in Group 6 unless an exception applies.
Adding benefits
If you want more flexibility you can add benefits like the option to change or cancel your flight, bring a carry-on bag, choose your own seat or upgrade to Economy Plus or a premium cabin.
My trips
®
Earn Premier qualifying points
Learn more
*illy Cold Brew Classico is available for purchase.
Basic Economy FAQs
Terms and conditions
How is seating assigned for unaccompanied minors traveling on a Basic Economy ticket?
I have a disability that requires me to sit in a particular type of seat when I travel. Can I purchase a
Basic Economy ticket?
If I need a collapsible wheelchair or other assistive medical device, will I be able to carry on my
devices with a Basic Economy ticket?
If I have a Basic Economy ticket, can I gate check my carry-on bag for free?
What is the carry-on policy for musical instruments in Basic Economy?
Is pre-boarding still allowed for customers who purchase Basic Economy and have a disability or
need additional assistance?
If I purchase a seat assignment, which boarding group will I be in?
What happens if I book a Basic Economy ticket, then my trip changes due to a cancellation or
schedule change by Airline?
If I buy a seat assignment, is it eligible for PQP accrual toward Premier status?
Are carry-on bags included on flights to Japan?
Terms and conditions