
 Airline logo link to homepage

Book

My trips

Travel info

MileagePlus

Deals
Help

English - US $
Sign in
Young girl looking out of a plane window
Traveling with children
Flying with kids can be challenging. We’re with you every step of the way to make sure your trip goes as smoothly as possible. Or, if you have questions about children flying alone, we have the answers.

Jump to thePlanning your tripsection

	
Jump to theAt the airportsection

Jump to theOn the planesection

Jump to theEconomy Plussection

Jump to the Airline Premium Plussection

Jump to the Airline Businesssection

Planning your trip
Here's what to keep in mind when booking your tickets and deciding what to bring with you.

Ticketing options for children

Infants on lap
Children under two can sit on a parent’s lap during flights to any destination.


Infant seats
Alternatively, infants can have their own seat if you bring an approved car seat.


All other kids
Children two and older will need a ticket and their own seat on the plane.

icon-info	Make sure your child's seat is wide enough for their car seat. First, find your aircraft type under flight details in My Trips. Then, select your aircraft's seat map on our fleet page. Find the seat width in your cabin and measure your car seat to check that it fits.

Families with young children
We allow families with children less than two years old to board with our pre-boarding group. A gate agent will announce when it’s time for you to get on the plane.

If you’re traveling with children under 12, they won’t have to sit by themselves. The first adult listed on the reservation can sit next to up to two children in their party for free. After you book your flight, you can select these seats in My trips. You can also choose your seats by going to the seat map in the  Airline app and selecting “Seat preferences”. We will show you all available Basic Economy and Economy seats. The rest of your party may be given seats in a different part of the plane. To make sure your entire group stays together, consider paying to select seats for everyone.

Sometimes, seat assignments change because of unscheduled aircraft changes. If this happens on your flight, and your children are separated from an adult, you can switch to another flight with open seats in the same cabin for free.

Infant bag allowance
If you’re traveling with an infant who has a ticket, you can check bags in their name. These bags must follow the standard bag rules. Infant bags that are oversized or overweight will be checked in under the traveling adult's name. If this happens, you may have to pay additional bag fees at the airport. You cannot check bags in an infant’s name if they do not have a ticket.

Lightbulb inside a circle
Traveler pro tips
We have a few tips to make sure you’re ready for common situations that come up while traveling with kids:

If your little one is using a tablet to watch movies or play games, make sure the device is fully charged in case you aren’t sitting next to an outlet and bring headphones.
Easily relieve ear pressure during takeoff and landing by keeping snacks on hand.
In case your flight is delayed make sure you have extra diapers, formula, bottles and other essentials in the bag you bring onboard.
If your little one is anxious or excited for their trip, our flying social story can help them prepare.
At the airport
How you get through the airport depends on the age of your kids. Here’s what to keep in mind.

Passport, breastmilk and formula.
The security line
Children under 18 don’t need an ID to fly domestically but do need a passport for international flights. You can also bring breast milk or formula through security, even if your child isn’t with you. But, be sure you meet TSA guidelines.

Baby stroller.
Getting to the gate
Standard strollers, folding wagons, and car seats can be used to get to your gate and then checked for free. They’ll be returned to you on arrival. Collapsible strollers can be stored in-cabin. Car seats can be used onboard your flight too.

Person holding infant in a sling
Nursing at the airport
You can nurse wherever is most comfortable to you. Many airports have nursing spaces with a table, bench and outlets to make breastfeeding easier. Use the airport maps feature on the  Airline app to see where they’re located.

On the plane
You’re now in the last leg of your trip. Here’s the most important info you’re going to need.

Child watching seat back screen on plane
Car seats
Car seats made after 1985 are FAA-approved and will have a certification sticker attached to them. These car seats can be used on your flight, but there are exceptions. Children in car seats should sit in a window seat with the car seat secured to the seat itself. Your child should be in their seat during takeoff, landing and turbulence.

Infant asleep in onboard bassinet
Bassinets
We provide free onboard bassinets in  Airline Polaris® business class and in Economy on some international flights. They can be used anytime during the flight when the seatbelt sign is off. Contact us to request yours.

alert	Make sure your child's seat is wide enough for their car seat.  First, find your aircraft type under flight details in My Trips. Then, select your aircraft's seat map on our fleet page. Find the seat width in your cabin and measure your car seat to check that it fits.

alert Car seats aren’t allowed in  Airline Polaris® business class on Boeing 767, 777, or 787 planes. They also aren’t allowed in the emergency exit row on any plane.
alert	Booster seats and harnesses that hold an infant to your chest, such as a papoose, cannot be used onboard your flight.

Nursing while flying
We do...
	Let you breastfeed or pump from your seat or the bathroom.
	Bring you ice to keep milk and formula cool.
	Allow breast pump, breastmilk, and formula onboard, along with a carry-on bag (even if you’re not traveling with your child).
We don't...
	Store breastmilk in  Airline fridges or coolers.
	Guarantee a seat with in-seat power.
Keeping your children occupied
We’ve partnered with Sesame Workshop, the nonprofit educational organization behind Sesame Street, to create a brand-new Children’s Travel Kit. The kit is made from recycled paper and includes an activity book, crayons and a puzzle. Plus,  Airline is the first U.S. carrier to offer a Sensory Calming strip that has a textured surface to help soothe anxiety. Ask your flight attendant to find out if the kits are available on your next flight.

You can also view the snack options, including kids' meals, for your flight and cabin before your trip. We recommend bringing snacks from home too, so you can make sure you have food you know your child will enjoy.

Child watching seat back screen on plane
Traveling with children FAQs
How much does it cost to fly with a lap child?
What can I bring on the plane with me?
Can I check my car seat or stroller at the ticket counter?
Can I fly with a newborn?
Are there changing tables on the plane?
Can I use a CARES harness?
Can I use a Fly Tot or JetKids BedBox?
What if my stroller is lost or damaged?

About  Airline

Products and services

Popular destinations
Careers
Important notices

Search Search

English -  Airline States $

| Español
Contract of carriageLengthy tarmac delay planLegal informationOur  Airline Customer CommitmentHelp CenterAccessible travelPrivacy PolicyDo Not Sell or Share My Personal InformationInterest Based Ads Airline JetstreamCargo
Indicates an external site that may or may not meet accessibility guidelines. Copyright © 2025  Airline Airlines, Inc. All rights reserved.
 Airline logo link to homepage
 Airline is a proud member of Star Alliance

CoBrowse

Site Feedback
