Check your bags in just a few easy steps.
Size and weight
Checked bag
The maximum size of a checked bag can be 30 in x 20 in x 12 in (76 cm x 52 cm x
30 cm) or 62 total in., including handles and wheels.
Baggage Fee Calculator
Depending on where and how you travel, you may have to pay to check your bag. Use our baggage fee calculator to see how much it’ll cost.
Calculate bag fees
Starting February 24, 2024, fees for your first and second checked bag will go up by $5 in most markets. See what the cost
for your trip will be with our baggage fee calculator.
Other fees apply for extra checked bags or any bags that go over these limits. Visit the oversized, overweight and extra
bags section or the bag guidelines section for more info.
Weight limit
The weight limit for a checked bag depends on your cabin and your MileagePlus status. If they have different limits, we’ll go by the one that has the
larger limit.
Weights by cabin
Airline Economy
Premium Economy
50 pounds
(23 kilograms)
Airline Business
Airline First
Airline Polaris business class
70 pounds
(32 kilograms)
Weights by MileagePlus status
Premier Silver
Premier Gold
Premier Platinum
Premier 1K
70 pounds
(32 kilograms)
Star Alliance™ Gold
70 pounds
(32 kilograms)
in Business
50 pounds
(23 kilograms)
in Economy
Size and weight Common items Bag check process Additional info
Cabin Maximum weight per bag
®
®
®
®
®
MileagePlus status Maximum weight per bag
®
Use our bag tracker or a device like an AirTag to keep an eye on your bag.
Place medication, valuables and other essentials, like keys and your wallet, in the bag you plan to bring on the plane with you.
Pack all liquids in a resealable bag. Liquids more than 3.4 oz (100 ml) should be packed in your checked bag.
Bag tracking
Bag tracking is a feature of the Airline app that lets you see the status and location of your checked bags.
Learn more
Related links
Checked bag embargoes
Prepay for bags
Bag Delivery
Bag tracker
Fragile and valuable items
Additional info
Prepay for your bags
Flight and seat changes
Exceptions to checked bag fees
Oversized, overweight, and extra bags
What qualifies as a bag
Connecting flights
Bag policies for partner airlines
How we set checked baggage fees
Military checked bag policy
Basic Economy tickets only include one personal item. They do not include carry-on bags. If you decide to travel with a carry-on bag, you must check it in
the airport lobby for a fee starting at $35. If you bring a carry-on bag to the gate that won't fit under the seat, you need to pay a $65 fee to check it.
Basic Economy bag allowance