Africa
Nigeria
If you're denied boarding or if your flight is cancelled or delayed for at least one hour, you may be able to receive compensation or help.


Asia, Australia and the Pacific
Australia
People visiting or returning to Australia need to pay attention to biosecurity requirements specifically for travelers coming from countries where African Swine Fever may be present. Travelers must declare any food and animal products and other risk items on their Incoming Passenger Card — including any clothing, footwear and equipment that has been in contact with animals or worn in a rural area.

Immigration
If you’re traveling to Australia, you need a valid passport and may also need a visa or Electronic Travel Authority (ETA). For more information, visit the Australian Government’s website. All ETA-eligible passport holders must apply for an ETA using the Australian ETA app.

When you arrive in Australia, you may be eligible to use an automated passport control kiosk, SmartGate. This provides the option of self-service processing through passport control checks. For more information and to check your eligibility, visit the Australian Customs and Border Protection Service website.

Customs
If you’re planning to carry funds in to or out of Australia, you must follow these regulations:

If asked by a Customs officer or police officer, you must report cheques, traveler’s cheques, money orders and other negotiable instruments of any amount.
You must always report cash amounts of 10,000 AUD or more (or foreign currency equivalent) using a form available at customs. There is no limit to the amount of funds that you can carry in to or out of Australia. Visit www.austrac.gov.au for more information.
Federated States of Micronesia
If you’re traveling to the Federated States of Micronesia, make sure that your U.S. passport remains valid throughout your planned stay. For regular and expedited passport service, apply at one of many passport acceptance locations throughout Hawaii, Guam, Saipan, and American Samoa.

Guam
Travelers to Guam who qualify for the G-CNMI Visa Waiver program are required to apply for and receive an approved G-CNMI ETA prior to traveling to Guam or the CNMI. An approved G-CNMI ETA is generally valid for multiple trips within a two-year period. Customers who are traveling to Guam or the CNMI under the G-CNMI VWP will not be able to travel without an approved G-CNMI ETA. It’s recommended to apply for a G-CNMI ETA up to 7 days before departure and receive it at least 5 days before departure. Passengers who already have a valid U.S. visa or ESTA approval do not need to apply for a Guam-CNMI ETA.

All arriving passengers will need to complete the Guam Electronic Declaration Form (Guam EDF) either before departure to Guam or upon arrival. To facilitate entry into Guam, customers are strongly encouraged to complete the form online 72 hours before you get to Guam.

Hong Kong
CBD and CBD products cannot be brought into Hong Kong. Any items containing CBD products, including medicinal, are prohibited, and transporting them will be considered a criminal offense.

For customers who buy tickets for flights departing from Hong Kong, Airline will refund in full the Air Passenger Departure tax if the customer does not actually depart from Hong Kong.

India
You can’t bring satellite phones, GPS devices such as the GARMIN, and remote-controlled drones or helicopters into India without specific permission from the Government of India. E-cigarettes are also prohibited from being carried into India.

Japan
Foreign travelers arriving in Japan will need to go through extra checks as part of immigration. Plan for some extra time when you arrive at the airport because you’ll be asked to scan your index fingers, and immigration officers will take a photo of your face.

Exemptions to this policy include any foreign visitors who are:

Under 16 years old
Special status permanent residents
Performing official government business or has the status of "diplomat"
Visiting Japan on an invitation from the head of a national authority
International Tourist Tax
The Japanese government will collect an International Tourist Tax of JPY 1,000 for all tickets. This tax will apply to all international tourists departing from Japan. You can learn more about the International Tourist Tax through the National Tax Agency website.

New Zealand
Electronic Travel Authority
If you’re traveling to New Zealand and you’re a citizen of the U.S., Canada or other visa-waived countries, you’ll need a New Zealand Electronic Travel Authority (NZeTA) to enter the country. Approval for the NZeTA can take up to 72 hours, so we recommend applying when you book your trip or as soon as possible.

Traveler Declaration
Travelers to New Zealand now have the option to complete a digital New Zealand Traveler Declaration instead of a paper arrival card. Travelers can complete their digital declaration within 24 hours of starting their journey to New Zealand. The digital declaration can be completed at home or via the NZTD mobile app. The digital declaration is linked to a traveler’s passport and is automatically assessed when the passport is scanned on arrival. Paper arrival cards are available for travelers who cannot complete it online.

Northern Marianas (Saipan)
Travelers to the Northern Marianas (Saipan) who qualify for the G-CNMI Visa Waiver program are required to apply for and receive an approved G-CNMI ETA prior to traveling to Guam or the CNMI. An approved G-CNMI ETA is generally valid for multiple trips within a two-year period. Customers who are traveling to Guam or the CNMI under the G-CNMI VWP will not be able to travel without an approved G-CNMI ETA. It’s recommended to apply for a G-CNMI ETA up to 7 days before departure and receive it at least 5 days before departure. Passengers who already have a valid U.S. visa or ESTA approval do not need to apply for a Guam-CNMI ETA.

The Northern Marianas have implemented an online option for their customs form. Please visit the Travel Marianas website to fill out and submit the form. A QR code will be sent to the customer after submission. One form is required per family.

Palau
To visit Palau, all travelers must have a passport valid for at least six months at the time of entry and you must complete an online customs and health declaration form before traveling to Palau. This form can be filled out online. A QR code for your completed form will be emailed to you once you're done. You'll be asked to show this QR code when you arrive in Palau.

Philippines
If you’re traveling to the Philippines, you need to register with the Philippine Travel Information System up to 3 days before your arrival. This will generate an eTravel QR code that you’ll use at check-in or arrival. The QR code will expedite your entry into the Philippines. Paper forms are available if you don’t have access to a mobile device.

Singapore
All travelers must submit an electronic health declaration before they enter Singapore, using the SG Arrival Card e-Service. If you’re traveling to Singapore, you can submit your arrival information online 3 days before you arrive. Complete the online form or download the MyICA mobile app.

South Korea
Travelers who don't require a visa to enter South Korea must have an electronic travel authorization (K-ETA) to fly to the country. Travelers should apply for the K-ETA at least 72 hours before boarding their flight to South Korea.

From January 1, 2025, the South Korean government has mandated that travelers who have visited, stayed or transited through certain regions, including certain U.S. States and Mexico, must submit a Q-CODE or health declaration form upon entering South Korea. When entering Korea, be sure to comply with all immigration requirements, including the Q-CODE or health declaration form.

Visit this website for more information.

Taipei
To enter Taiwan, all foreign visitors are required to complete an online "Arrival Card" through the National Immigration Agency (NIA) website before arriving. This eliminates the need for a paper arrival card at immigration and expedites the immigration and customs arrival process.

You cannot bring these items to Taipei:

Fresh fruit and vegetables of any kind.
Soil, plants attached to soil, plant products or other similar items.
Pests or live insects, such as pathogenic microorganisms, grasshoppers, beetles, spiders, etc.
Quarantined animals and animal products, such as meat and dairy.
Learn more through Customs Administration.



Bermuda and Caribbean
Aruba
If you're traveling to Aruba, all passengers including minors and infants, must complete the immigration form online before your trip. Learn more at Aruba's Immigration Service website.

When departing to the U.S. from Aruba it is highly recommended to arrive at the airport three hours ahead of the scheduled departure time due to additional customs and security requirements.

Bahamas
The Bahamas Customs Department has implemented a mandatory electronic baggage declaration application. The app must be downloaded to submit the online accompanied baggage declaration customs form.

Barbados
If you’re traveling to Barbados, you’re required to fill out an online immigration and customs form. Once submitting it, you’ll receive two receipts which can be presented digitally or printed.

Bonaire
Bonaire will charge all visitors over the age of 13 a $75 entry tax per visit to the island. You can pay this tax online or upon arrival in Bonaire.

Bermuda
If you’re traveling to Bermuda, you can fill out the required Visitor Arrival Card online before your trip instead of filling out a paper form in flight. It’s free and saves you time when you arrive in Bermuda. Fill out the form.

Curaçao
If you hold a U.S., Canadian or European Union passport, you can fill out the required Curaçao immigration card online.

Cuba
If you’re a U.S. citizen or former Cuban national living in the U.S., you’ll need to submit additional documents to travel to Cuba. These documents include: your reason for travel, health insurance, passport and visa, and proof of return or onward travel.

If you’re traveling from Havana (HAV) to a destination outside of Cuba, you won’t be allowed to leave the country with Cuban currency. We recommend exchanging your Cuban pesos (CUC) into other currencies before you get to the airport. Once you’re at the airport, you can only exchange up to $300 CUC and can only purchase items in the departure area with foreign currency.

If you’re not traveling on official business, an eVisa or a Cuban Entry Permit card is required for entry into Cuba. At Houston (IAH), Cuban entry permits are sold at the check-in lobby and departure gate. The eVisa is available online in lieu of a Cuban entry permit card. Learn more on the Cuban government’s website.

Dominica
If you’re traveling to Dominica, you must fill out an immigration and customs declaration online. The form should be submitted no more than three days before travel. Once submitted, you will receive a QR code to show to officials. This will expedite the arrival process. Find more details.

Dominican Republic
If you’re traveling to or from the Dominican Republic, you must fill out an electronic ticket (e-Ticket) before departure. This form is a combination of immigration, customs, and health forms. You’ll be asked to show your e-Ticket before boarding your flight.

If your business is based in the Dominican Republic remember to make your request at the Airline office in Santo Domingo or send an email to ventasrd@united.com with your ticket information. You’ll need to do this before the end of the month for any flight booked.

People visiting or returning to the Dominican Republic need to pay attention to biosecurity requirements specifically for travelers coming from countries where African Swine Fever has been detected or may be present.

Travelers must declare any food and animal products and other risk items on their Incoming Passenger Card — including any clothing, footwear and equipment that has been in contact with animals or worn in a rural area.

All unaccompanied minors who are citizens of the Dominican Republic will need a permit to depart from Puerto Plata, Punta Cana, Santo Domingo and Santiago.

Jamaica
If you’re traveling to Jamaica you must complete the customs and immigration form online. You can fill out the form up to 5 days before your trip. You can also complete the form after arriving in Jamaica at an airport kiosk or on your mobile device. Paper forms will no longer be accepted.

St. Lucia
When you arrive in St. Lucia, you must have a completed Health Screening form. You can fill the form out ahead of time for a smooth arrival.


Europe
European Union
You can’t bring meat, meat products, milk and milk products into European Union member states except in these cases:

You may bring in powdered infant milk, infant food and special food required for medical reasons if it does not require refrigeration, it is a packaged proprietary brand product, and the packaging is unbroken. Breast milk isn't restricted.
You may bring other meat, meat products, milk or milk products into designated points of entry if you have the necessary documents from the official veterinary services of the country from which you're traveling. Declare these goods and present your documentation on your arrival at the community frontier for veterinary control.
All other meat, meat products, milk or milk products will be disposed of on arrival. You may bring up to 1 kilogram of food not derived from meat or milk products without declaring.

Germany
Airline participates in conciliation procedures of the Schlichtungsstelle Reise & Verkehr e.V. If you are not satisfied with our handling of your complaint, you can submit a request for conciliation to the conciliation body:

Schlichtungsstelle Reise & Verkehr e.V.

Fasanenstraße 81, D-10623 Berlin

Schlichtungsstelle Reise & Verkehr e.V.

Italy
Children who are 12 years of age or younger, and travelers with a disability or reduced mobility, will be seated close to an accompanying parent, guardian, or caregiver.

For travelers with disabilities or reduced mobility, you can learn more about our seating accommodations for customers with disabilities.

London
Airline participates in Heathrow Airport's Positive Boarding Program, which provides airlines with enhanced passenger boarding information to help with efficient and timely departures. As part of our work with this program, your travel details, like your name, location within Heathrow Airport and flight departure information, will be used by the Heathrow Airport Authority and Airline to keep track of where you are in the airport.

This lets us proactively work with customers who might miss their flights. By flying through Heathrow Airport, customers agree to the use of their personal information for this program.

Airline Kingdom
E-gate expansion
The UK has e-gates which enable quicker entry into the UK for travelers holding passports issued by the following countries and regions:

U.S.
Airline Kingdom
European Union
Australia
Canada
Iceland
Japan
Liechtenstein
New Zealand
Norway
Singapore
South Korea
Switzerland
These travelers can now use these self-service gates to clear immigration. They’ll no longer need to fill out a UK landing card or wait in line for inspection.

Registered Traveler service
Airline Kingdom Border Force offers the Registered Traveler program to expedite processing for pre-approved low-risk international travelers entering the UK. Members of the program will benefit from speedier transit through the airport. You’ll be able to use ePassport gates with a biometric passport or join the queue for EU or EEA nationals.

UK Electronic Travel Authorization (ETA) program
Electronic Travel Authorizations (ETAs) are being introduced worldwide for visitors to the UK who do not currently need a visa for short stays, or who do not already have a UK immigration status prior to travelling. Starting January 8, 2025, all U.S. nationals will need an ETA to enter or transit the UK. Visit the UK government’s website for more information.


Mexico and Central America
Belize
Children under 18 who are going to Belize without one or both parents must show original, notarized letters of travel consent. For more information, visit the Belize Tourism Board’s website.

Belize (BZE) has introduced an Online Immigration and Customs Declaration System for arrival and departure. This is an online version which all customers are encouraged to complete to avoid delays on arrival.

Visit the Online Immigration and Customs Declaration System here.

El Salvador and Panama
El Salvador International Airport (SAL) and Tocumen International Airport (PTY) in Panama City, Panama have additional security screenings in place, so you’ll need to go through two checkpoints — one to enter the terminal and one at your gate area. You won’t be able to bring liquids over 3 ounces through either checkpoint, and you’ll need to remove laptop and tablet covers at both checkpoints. We recommend getting to the airport early so you have plenty of time to get through security.

Guatemala
If you’re traveling to Guatemala City, you can fill out the required customs form online before your trip. If you do this, you won't need to fill out a paper form in flight. It’s free and saves you time when you arrive in Guatemala.

Visit Declaración Jurada Del Viajero for more information.

Honduras
Honduras requires customers to fill out an electronic customs form prior to arrival. One form should be filled out and submitted per family.

This applies to our flights arriving and departing Roatan (RTB), San Pedro Sula (SAP) and Palmerola (XPL).

Mexico
Travelers can fill out and print the customs declaration ahead of time. They must print a copy and hand it to the authorities on arrival. This applies to all destinations in Mexico except Cancun (CUN), Merida (MID), Mexico City (MEX), Monterrey (MTY), Queretaro (QRO), San Luis Potosi (SLP)), Tampico (TAM) and Tulum (TQO).

Custom fees must be paid with a debit or credit card. Cash payments are no longer accepted.


Middle East
Jordan
Queen Alia International Airport (AMM) in Amman, Jordan has additional security screening in place, so you need to go through 3 checkpoints — one to enter terminal, another point after immigration and the last one at the gate prior to boarding. LAGs international regulation applies. However, Airline will restrict carrying onboard powder-like substances quantity to be no more than 350 gm. (12.5 ounce). If you make any duty-free purchases at the airport, they’ll be delivered to you at your gate.

We recommend getting to the airport 4 hours before your flight, and to your gate 2 hours before your flight, to make sure you’re able to complete all security screenings.

Israel
Starting January 1, 2025, all foreign nationals traveling to Israel must have a valid visa or an Electronic Travel Authorization (ETA-IL). You can apply for an ETA-IL through the official website. An ETA-IL is valid for multiple trips to Israel for up to 2 years. ETA-IL applications aren’t processed immediately and can take up to 72 hours. We recommend applying when you book your trip and at least 72 hours before you travel. After approval, download and print the ETA-IL for boarding and landing. We suggest you keep a digital copy on your phone.


North America
Canada
Air Passenger Protection Regulation
To comply with the Transport Canada Passenger Protect Program, all passengers traveling to or from Canada need to show their ID at the gate before boarding. Visit the Canadian government’s website for more information.

Advance Declaration for customs
Save time by using the Advance Declaration web or mobile app to make your customs and immigration declaration to the Canada Border Services Agency (CBSA). You can use it up to 72 hours in advance of your arrival in Canada.

Passenger rights

We’re committed to operating a reliable schedule for our customers. Safety considerations, weather, air traffic control, operations and other factors may occasionally cause lengthy tarmac delays. You can learn more about your rights and our delay contingency plans on our Canada passenger rights page.

ATPDR

Learn more about Canada’s Accessible Transportation for Persons with Disabilities (ATPDR) and about traveling with disabilities.

eTA

Most travelers need a visa or electronic travel authorization (eTA) to fly to or through Canada. If you’re a U.S. citizen or permanent resident, you don’t need an eTA or a visa Visit the Canadian government’s website for additional information or to apply.

U.S.
Transit through the U.S.
There are no international transit areas in the U.S. Travelers must clear immigration for entry to the U.S. Travelers need to have all applicable documentation, including ESTA if eligible.

ESTA

Visit our ESTA page to learn more about requirements if you don’t have a U.S. visa for a flight through or to the U.S.

Visa Waiver Program
Customers seeking entry into the U.S. under the Visa Waiver Program (VWP) can review additional information on the U.S. Department of State website.

In addition, all VWP travelers are required to obtain an authorization via ESTA before traveling to the U.S. Apply and learn more on the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) Customs and Border Protection (CBP) website.

OBIM notice
The Office of Biometric Identity Management (OBIM) collects, stores and analyzes biometric data for the DHS. OBIM procedures currently apply to all international visitors entering the Airline States, including VWP participants. Find more information on the DHS website.


South America
Brazil
Visas will be required for Australian, Canadian, and American passport holders starting on April 10th, 2025. Apply for a Brazilian eVisa at least two months before travel. You can get a visa online or at a Brazilian consulate or embassy. Processing takes around 5 working days. After approval, download and print the visa for boarding and landing. Also, keep a digital copy on your phone.

Colombia
Once you arrive at the airport in Bogota (BOG), you’ll need to see a Airline representative even if you already have a boarding pass. The agent will review your travel documents before you board.

All passengers must fill out and submit the Colombian immigration and customs form before your arrival within 72 hours before departure.

Peru
If you have anything to declare, such as perishables or more than $10,000 USD in cash, please submit an online declaration. More information can be found on the Peruvian government's website.