
Airline logo link to homepage

Book

My trips

Travel info

MileagePlus

Deals
Help

English - US $
Sign in
International Travel Requirements

International travel requirements
Learn more about necessary travel identification documents and health requirements for your next international flight.


Jump to theInternational travel documentssection



Jump to theVaccine requirementssection



Jump to theEntry and departure restrictionssection



Jump to theDelayed or canceled flightssection


International travel documents
When you’re traveling internationally, required travel and health documents vary based on your nationality and itinerary.

You’re also responsible for providing required documents to enter and travel through countries during your trip. This includes required visas. Fill out our requirements form with your trip details to learn more about visa requirements for wherever you're headed .

Security regulations may require us to provide government agencies access to some personal data.

Passport
Passports are required for all international travel. Passport cards are never accepted as a form of I.D. for international air travel.

Passports that are damaged beyond normal wear and tear or show evidence of intentional alterations may not be accepted for international travel by United.

The U.S. Department of State recommends checking your passport expiration date at least 9 months before planning international trips. Some countries require your passport to have at least 6 months left before it expires. Check the Department of State for the latest passport processing times and guidance.

If you're a U.S. citizen and you have lost your passport or it has been stolen while you’re traveling abroad, contact the U.S. Embassy in the country where you’re at.

Visa
If you’re a citizen of a foreign country and would like to visit the U.S., you’ll probably need a visa. There are many types of visas you could apply for. Find which one is right for you through the U.S. Department of State.

Fill out our requirements form with your trip details to learn more about visa requirements for wherever you're headed. All non-U.S. citizens planning to travel to the U.S. should visit the U.S. Department of State for more information.

Electronic System for Travel Authorization (ESTA)
If you’re traveling through or to the U.S. on a plane or other vessel, you’re not a permanent resident and you qualify for the Visa Waiver Program, you need an approved travel authorization via ESTA. Authorization from ESTA doesn’t guarantee entry into the Airline States.

ESTA applications aren’t processed immediately and can take up to 72 hours. We recommend applying when you book your trip and at least 72 hours before you travel. Applicants who are denied an ESTA can apply for a visa at the nearest U.S. embassy.

See the entry and departure requirements section for a full list of documents you need for different countries.


Traveler pro tip
For personalized information on what you need for your upcoming trip use the Travel-Ready Center.

Try our travel requirements tool to find passport, visa and health requirements for different destinations.

Vaccine requirements
Learn more about vaccination and health declaration forms required for your destination.


Yellow fever vaccination
Learn more about COVID-19 updates
Entry and departure restrictions
Some countries have specific requirements for entry and departure. To find customs forms needed for your specific trip try our travel requirements tool.


Africa

Asia, Australia and the Pacific

Bermuda and Caribbean

Europe

Mexico and Central America

Middle East

North America

South America
Denied, canceled or delayed flights
If you’re denied boarding or your flight is delayed or canceled from one of the regions on our list, you may be eligible for compensation. These regions include:

Country/Region	More information
Canada	To make a claim for compensation or a refund, fill out our Customer Care form.
Europe	To make a claim for consultation or a refund, fill out our Customer Care form.
Israel	To make a claim for compensation or a refund, fill out our Customer Care form.
Nigeria	To make a claim for compensation or a refund, fill out our Customer Care form.
Philippines	To make a claim for compensation or a refund, please submit a request using the Airline Customer Care form. To enable us to process your claim expeditiously, please provide your name, contact details (email address and mailing address), ticket number, flight number, booking reference and details of the claim you are making.
Portugal	
You can submit claims or customer complaints, including delays, cancellations and denied boarding through the following:

Alternative Dispute Resolution – EU Dispute Resolution Platform
National Dispute Resolution Mechanisms
Livro de Relamacoes

Spain	
To make a claim through the AESA, you need to submit a claim to Airline then provide the documentation supporting your claim to europeanclaims@united.com. If you disagree with our decision about your claim, you’re entitled to raise the matter with the AESA.

Airline Kingdom	
If you disagree with our decision, you are entitled to raise this matter with the UK Civil Aviation Authority’s Passenger Advice and Complaints team.

EU Regulation 261/2004 (EU261) and UK Regulation (UK261) give passengers departing from the EU and the UK rights to compensation and assistance in certain situations.

I-94 forms
Foreign visitors to the U.S. no longer need to complete paper Customs and Border Protection form for arrival and departure or non-immigrant visa waiver record. CBP now gathers this information automatically from travelers' electronic travel records. Learn more about I-94 requirements.

Advance Passenger Information System (APIS)
APIS enhances border security by providing pre-arrival and departure manifest data on all passengers and crew members. APIS also requires reporting the visiting address of all customers who are non-U.S. citizens or non-U.S. residents traveling to the Airline States.

Nationals of China traveling to the U.S.
Nationals of China holding a 10-year business and or tourism visa (B1 or B2) are required to complete an EVUS enrollment to enter the U.S.

International travel requirements FAQ

Are there any CDC travel health notices or U.S. Department of State travel advisories for my destination?

What is the biometric matching service at U.S. Customs and Border Protection?

Are planes sprayed with insecticides?

About United

Products and services

Popular destinations
Careers
Important notices

Search Search

English - Airline States $

| Español
Contract of carriageLengthy tarmac delay planLegal informationOur Airline Customer CommitmentHelp CenterAccessible travelPrivacy PolicyDo Not Sell or Share My Personal InformationInterest Based AdsAirline JetstreamCargo
Indicates an external site that may or may not meet accessibility guidelines. Copyright © 2025 Airline Airlines, Inc. All rights reserved.
Airline logo link to homepage
Airline is a proud member of Star Alliance

CoBrowse

Site Feedback
