
Airline logo link to homepage

Book

My trips

Travel info

MileagePlus

Deals
Help

English - US $
Sign in
Do you have your REAL ID yet? Learn more about how to get it before the May 7, 2025 deadline.

U.S. Travel document requirements
Here’s what you need to travel in the U.S. or a U.S. territory.

What you need
Travelers 18 years of age or older need a valid, current U.S. federal or state-issued photo ID. It must have:

Your name
Date of birth
Gender
Expiration date

The following IDs are acceptable:
U.S. or foreign government-issued passport
U.S. passport card
Driver’s license or state ID that meets REAL ID standards
U.S. Military ID
Permanent Resident Card
Border Crossing Card
DHS-designated enhanced driver's license
A Native American Tribal Photo ID
An airline or airport-issued ID (if issued under a TSA-approved security plan)
Canadian provincial driver's license or Indian and Northern Affairs Canada (INAC) card
Transportation Worker Identification Credential (TWIC)
DHS Trusted Traveler cards (Global Entry®, NEXUS, SENTRI, FAST)
Expired documents are not accepted. If you forget your ID, you may still be able to fly after some extra screening. If you refuse to show a form of ID TSA won't allow you past the security checkpoint.

Minors traveling with an adult do not need to show ID at check-in.

Lightbulb inside a circle
Traveler pro tips
Important notes from the TSA:

If your driver's license or state-issued ID expired on or after March 1, 2020, you can still use it as acceptable ID at the checkpoint. TSA will accept expired driver's licenses or state-issued ID a year after expiration.
Starting May 7, 2025, to board domestic flights your driver’s license or state issued ID must be a REAL ID. Make a plan to get your REAL ID before the deadline. If you don’t have time to visit the DMV, you can use another accepted ID, like a valid passport or U.S. military ID.
The TSA is now using Credential Authentication Technology (CAT) at security checkpoints. The CAT verifies a passenger’s photo ID through TSA’s Secure Flight vetting system. Read more about CAT.
Non-US or Canadian citizens
You don't need to carry a passport if you have documents from the U.S. government like a Permanent Resident Card. Those who don't should be carrying their passport while visiting the U.S.

Unaccompanied minors
Minors aged 5-14 traveling alone are not required to show ID at time of check-in. We still encourage that they carry some form of ID during travel.

Minors aged 15-17 traveling alone are recommended to hold one of the following:

 Driver's license

 Passport

 Credit card

 School ID

 Company ID

 Library card

 Birth certificate

 Social Security card

 Organization ID (such as athletic club, etc.)

 Proof of auto insurance in passengers's name

Review our information on how to prepare a minor to travel alone.


Travel document requirements FAQ
What documents do I need if I am traveling internationally?
How does TSA verify documents?
The TSA has deployed Credential Authentication Technology (CAT) at the security checkpoint to verify the identity of travelers. The CAT verifies the authenticity of a passenger’s photo ID and validates information from the ID against TSA’s Secure Flight vetting system. TSA will permanently delete the data from the CAT systems within 24 hours of the flight departure time. TSA continues to integrate new technologies into its identity verification process. Read more about these programs at www.tsa.gov/digital-id.


About United

Products and services

Popular destinations
Careers
Important notices

Search Search

English - Airline States $

| Español
Contract of carriageLengthy tarmac delay planLegal informationOur Airline Customer CommitmentHelp CenterAccessible travelPrivacy PolicyDo Not Sell or Share My Personal InformationInterest Based AdsAirline JetstreamCargo
Indicates an external site that may or may not meet accessibility guidelines. Copyright © 2025 Airline Airlines, Inc. All rights reserved.
Airline logo link to homepage
Airline is a proud member of Star Alliance

CoBrowse

Site Feedback
