Bringing your cat or dog with you on your trip is fun, but there are some rules you’ll have to follow. If you’re looking for information on traveling with
service animals, we can also help with that.
Getting ready
We no longer let you check your pets through the PetSafe program. Pets can only fly in cargo when traveling with certain active-duty military or State
Department employees. If you plan to fly with your pet, they must be a cat or dog and stay in the cabin with you (if there’s space available).
Some destinations don’t accept pets. Be sure to double-check before your flight.
On most flights, you can bring up to 2 pets per person. You must buy 2 seats if you’re bringing 2 pets. The second seat needs to be next to your
assigned seat, so you can care for both pets.
Some of our planes have limited space under the middle seat. We only allow one pet per person on these aircraft:
A319
A320
A321neo
737-800 and 737-8 (MAX 8)
737-900 and 737-9 (MAX 9)
Book trip
Make sure your pet fits
While there are no weight or breed limitations for pets, they must travel in either a hard-sided or soft-sided carrier. This carrier must fit under the seat in front of you or you cannot fly with your pet. The only animals allowed on planes without a pet carrier are service animals.
Hard-sided carrier Soft-sided carrier
Beginning August 1st all dogs entering the United States will need additional documents and entry requirements. All new regulations are from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) and US Customs and Border Protection
(CBP).
For additional information please visit the CDC website.
Getting ready At the airport On the plane
Where can I fly with my pet?
Prepping to fly
Gather paperwork
Some countries don’t allow pets to travel at all. Others have strict rules for rabies vaccines. Make sure you have all your paperwork and proof of
vaccination in order before you leave.
Booking pet tickets
All you have to do is select “Travel with a pet” as a traveler during booking on airline.com. Or, you can go to My Trips to add a pet to an existing
trip. You cannot add a pet to your trip on the Airline app.
Book now
For tickets purchased before 4/26/24, there is a $125 fee each way for traveling with your pet. There is also a $125 fee for
each layover of more than four hours for flights within the U.S. and more than 24 hours internationally. You cannot use
travel credits to pay this fee.
For tickets purchased on or after 4/26/24, the fee is $150 each way for traveling with your pet.
Traveler pro tips
We have a few recommendations to help you pack a pet-friendly travel kit:
Remember to bring all the essentials to care for your pet while you’re still at the airport, including a collapsible water bowl, leash, treats and plastic
bags.
To keep them calm on the flight, it always helps to have a favorite toy, blanket or pillow that smells familiar.
At the airport
Here’s what you need to know once you get to the airport.
Checking in
Check in for your flight at the ticket counter. You’ll need both your own and your pet’s confirmation numbers, which you can find in your email or
in My Trips. We’ll also give you a special bag tag for your pet’s carrier.
Pet relief areas
Many airports have places you can take your pet to use the bathroom while you’re there. Use the airport maps feature on the Airline app to see
where they’re located.
Please note, therapy and emotional support cats and dogs must fly as pets, not service animals. They must follow all rules outlined in this policy both at
the airport and on the plane.
On the plane
Once you’re on your flight, there’s only one rule you need to follow. Your pet must stay in their carrier with the door closed, and under your seat at all
times.
Traveling with pets FAQs
What are the rabies vaccination and travel restrictions?
Where can I sit with my pet on the plane?
Do you have military or State Department pet exemptions?
How old do my pets have to be to fly?