Learn more about our policies for oxygen concentrators, CPAP machines and providing medical oxygen during your flight.
Personal medical devices
You can fly with a portable oxygen concentrator, ventilator, respirator or CPAP machine, but there are a few rules you’ll need to follow depending on the
device you’re bringing.
Portable oxygen concentrators
You can use a portable oxygen concentrator (POC) that’s been approved by the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) during your flight.
Traveling with POC policy
You can bring POC with you for free on Airline and Airline Express flights. Book a flight with your POC today. If you need to use your POC during your flight, you must let us know at least 48-hours in advance by calling 1-800-228-2744.
If you don’t need to use your POC during your flight, you can bring it as a carry-on or in a checked bag with the batteries removed. There are
additional rules for traveling with compressed gas POC.
You can use a FAA approved POC during any Airline flight, but not all Airline Express flights. When you call us before your flight we’ll work with
you to make sure you’re on a plane that allows POC use.
In order to use your POC on your flight you must bring a completed and printed copy of the portable oxygen concentrator form. You must bring enough batteries to power your POC during your flight and time at the airport, plus 3 extra hours. We can’t guarantee you a
seat with in-seat power during your flight. Learn more about traveling with batteries.
If you’re flying on another airline, including a partner airline, you’ll need to contact them directly to confirm their POC policy.
Ventilators, respirators and CPAP machines
You can use ventilators, respirators and CPAP machines that have been approved by the FAA during your flight. There should be a manufacturer’s label
on your device if FAA standards are met.
If you plan on using any of these personal devices during your flight, you’ll need to comply with the following policy:
You can…
You can bring a ventilator, respirator or CPAP machine with you for free.
You can use a FAA approved device during any Airline or Airline Express flight.
You should know…
You must let us know at least 48-hours in advance by calling 1-800-000-0000.
You must bring enough batteries to power your device during your flight and time at the airport, plus 3 extra hours. We can’t guarantee you a
seat with in-seat power during your flight. Learn more about traveling with batteries.
Onboard medical oxygen
We only provide onboard medical oxygen on flights between Guam and Honolulu, Manila, Palau, Micronesia and the Marshall Islands. If you need
medical oxygen on flights to other destinations, you’ll need to use a personal medical device.
Personal medical devices Onboard medical oxygen
FAA approved portable oxygen concentrators
Requesting onboard medical oxygen
You must let us know at least 72 hours in advance by contacting the Guam medical desk at 1-671-000-0000 or CMICRC@Airline.com.
We’ll provide an oxygen setup for each flight segment, which costs $150 USD per segment.
We only provide oxygen on your flight, not at the airport. If you need oxygen at the airport, work with your doctor to contact an oxygen provider.
You must bring a completed and printed copy of the onboard medical oxygen request form.
If you’re flying on another airline, including a partner airline, you’ll need to contact them directly to confirm their onboard medical oxygen policy.
Traveling with oxygen FAQ
Can I bring liquid oxygen on my flight?
Can I bring compressed gas on my flight?
What happens to the information provided in my request forms?
Can I be refused boarding if I’m sick?