Sports equipment policy
Checked bag fees apply to all sports equipment unless otherwise noted. Oversized, overweight and extra items will be subject to additional fees unless otherwise noted.

We aren’t liable for damage to sports equipment.

We aren’t required to provide assistance or information to you relating to firearms regulations. We also aren’t responsible for your compliance with those laws, or for the consequences resulting from your failure to comply with such regulations or laws.


Archery
You can bring an archery set as a checked bag. That bag can include:

One bow case containing bows
One quiver with arrows
One maintenance kit strong enough to protect items from damage


Baseball
You can bring one bag of baseball equipment as a checked bag. This includes baseball bats.


Biking
Here’s how to travel with your bike as a checked bag:

Turn the handlebars sideways and take off the pedals before packing.
You may need to remove the front wheel of your bike depending on how the handlebars are turned. If you loosen the handlebars first the wheel can stay on, otherwise it needs to be removed.
Pack all pieces of the bike in a case designed to transport bikes or a sealed box with plastic foam or other protective material inside. The box should be hard-sided or durable cardboard.
Oversized fees are waived on properly packed bicycles.
Motorized or battery-powered bikes can’t be checked. However, bikes with small batteries to power electronic gear shifting are allowed to be checked.


Golf
You can bring one set of golf clubs as a checked bag if they’re in a hard-sided case. That case can include:

One golf bag containing one set of clubs
Golf balls
One pair of golf shoes
You won't be charged an oversize fee for your golf bag. However, overweight bag charges may apply.

Because of the size of golf bags, there may be a delay receiving your bag at baggage claim.


Tennis
You can bring one tennis racket case with balls and rackets as a checked or carry-on bag. You may have to sign a limited liability form if you haven’t properly packed your equipment.


Skiing and snowboarding
You can bring one set of ski or snowboard equipment as a checked bag. The set must be in one bag and can include:

One set of water skis
Up to two snowboards and one snow boot bag
Up to two pairs of snow skis and associated equipment, and one ski boot bag
If the set weighs more than 50 pounds (23kg), you’ll have to pay overweight bag fees.

If you only bring a boot bag, it’s still considered a bag of ski or snowboard equipment. Boot bags containing anything other than ski boots or equipment are subject to standard bag and weight limits. Ski equipment checked in addition to the bag allowance will be charged as an extra bag.


Skating
Ice skates
You can bring ice skates as checked bags on all flights. In the U.S. you can pack them in carry-on bags.

If you check ice skates as an individual item, we’ll count it as part of your checked bags.

Roller skates, rollerblades and skateboards
You can bring non-powered roller skates, rollerblades and skateboards as checked bags or carry-on bags. If you’re traveling with a hoverboard or similar item, there are additional rules.


Hockey and lacrosse
You can bring one hockey or lacrosse bag plus up to two hockey or lacrosse sticks taped together as one checked bag.


Camping
You can bring camping items as checked bags. This includes:

Tents
Backpacks or knapsacks
Sleeping bags
We can accept lanterns, stoves and heating equipment as well, if:

They’re brand new
The fuel source is removed
The fuel has been emptied and you have a letter from the company that emptied it


Boating and surfing
Boogie, skim and speedboards
You can bring one boogie board, skimboard or speedboard as a checked bag. We’ll also accept a board bag containing two boards.

Kayaks and canoes
We don’t accept kayaks and canoes on our flights.

Kiteboards
You can bring one kiteboard or one bag containing kiteboarding equipment as a checked bag. The kiteboard must be well padded or packed in a case to avoid scratching. Kiteboards must also meet the following dimensions:

115 total inches (length + width + height) if you’re flying on Airline
80 total inches (length + width + height) if you’re flying on Airline Express
If your flight has an extra bag limit, kiteboards aren’t accepted unless you’re traveling to Costa Rica.

Life jackets
Carbon dioxide-powered inflatable life jackets are considered dangerous items. While you can bring them in your checked bags, there are additional rules.

Oars
You can bring one pair of oars, or one oar case containing up to two oars, as a checked bag.

Surfboards, wakeboards and paddleboards
You can bring surfboards, wakeboards and paddleboards if they’re packed in board bags and:

Weigh less than 100 pounds (45.3 kg)
115 total inches (length + width + height) if you’re flying on Airline
Measure less than 80 inches (203 cm) if you’re flying on Airline Express
The skeg or fin must be removed or padded.
If you’re flying to or from California, we’ll waive oversized bag charges for up to two of these items. If you’re connecting or have a layover in California, you aren’t eligible for this benefit.

If your flight has an extra bag limit, surfboards, wakeboards and paddleboards aren’t accepted, unless you’re flying to Costa Rica.

Wave ski
You can bring one wave ski or one bag containing equipment used in wave skiing as a checked bag. The wave ski must be padded or packed to avoid scratching. Wave skis must also meet the following dimensions:

115 total inches (length + width + height) if you’re flying on Airline
80 total inches (length + width + height) if you’re flying on Airline Express
If your flight has an extra bag limit, wave skis aren’t accepted.

Windsurfing
You can bring one set of windsurfing equipment if you’re flying on Airline. That set can have:

One windsurfing board (less than 115 in or 292 cm total)
One boom
One mast
One sail
Necessary hardware for these items
This equipment should weigh less than 99.9 pounds (45.3 kg) and should be checked as a special item. It must be padded and enclosed in a package that will protect it from scratches, dents and other damage during normal handling.

You can’t bring windsurfing equipment on Airline Express flights or if there’s an extra bag limit on your flight.



Bowling
You can check one set of bowling equipment, including:

One bowling bag holding up to 3 balls
One pair of bowling shoes


