If you’re traveling with a mobility disability, your own wheelchair or mobility device, or need to request wheelchair services, we’re here to assist you
throughout your journey.
Bringing a wheelchair
It’s free to check your wheelchair or mobility device in addition to your checked bags. This includes manual and electric wheelchairs, scooters,
walkers, canes, and crutches. They can be folding, non-folding, or collapsible.
While it’s free to bring your mobility device, for the best experience you should let us know you have one before you even get to the airport. How you do
that depends on whether you’ve booked a flight yet.
How to choose the right flight
Search for a flight on Airline.com or the Airline app. When you see your search results, select the wheelchair filter option. Enter the dimensions of your chair and we’ll label which flights it’ll fit on.
Will my wheelchair fit on the plane?
Units
Search
Checking your wheelchair is easy
Bringing a wheelchair Wheelchair services Other mobility services
Inches Centimeters
Wheelchair width
W i d t h i n i nche s
Wheelchair height
H ei gh t i n i nche s
How to measure
Get to the airport early
We recommend an hour before your minimum required check-in time.
Speak with an agent
You can check your wheelchair at the ticket counter or the gate.
Check your wheelchair
Once your chair is checked, you can use our wheelchairs at the airport.
Traveler pro tip
Our ground crew looks for written instructions when loading and unloading wheelchairs. You can create your own or fill out our wheelchair information
form and attach it to your chair. We’ll only take off the removable pieces of your wheelchair if you give us permission in your written instructions.
Have more questions about traveling with wheelchairs? Check out our frequently asked questions.
Wheelchair services
If you need a wheelchair either onboard your flight or at the airport, and you’ve already purchased your ticket you can request one ahead of time in My
Trips. You can also do this in the traveler information section when you book. Then, pick up the wheelchair you’ve requested at the ticket counter or
wheelchair assistance center in the lobby.
Our wheelchair services
Airport wheelchairs
We have manual wheelchairs available for use at all our airports. These chairs are typically 18 inches
wide.
Aisle wheelchairs
Our specially designed aisle wheelchairs can help you get to and from your seat during boarding
and upon arrival.
Onboard wheelchairs
All planes with more than 60 seats have an onboard wheelchair, which can be used to access the
lavatory.
Other mobility services
If you have limited mobility, whether you need a wheelchair or not, we have additional services available to you. Before your flight, a flight attendant will
ask if you’d like a safety demonstration. They’ll also talk to you about any needs you may have.
Getting to and from your seat
Accessing your carry-on bags
Opening food packages and drinks
We will not assist you in the bathroom, with medication, or feed you.
If you can’t leave the plane on your own during an emergency we recommend you travel with a friend, family member or caregiver who is able to help.
Mobility and wheelchair FAQ
What accessible boarding options are available for my flight?
Do I have to pay extra to fly with a wheelchair?
Is there a weight limit for my wheelchair?
Where can I get help with my wheelchair at the airport?
Can I use my own wheelchair at the airport?
How will my manual wheelchair be transported?
How will my electric wheelchair be transported?
What if I have to take a more expensive flight so my wheelchair can fit?
Will you tilt my wheelchair while loading it in cargo?
What if my wheelchair is lost or damaged?