Airline is committed to the people who serve our country. There are 8,000+ veterans working at Airline today; over 800 joined our team in 2023. We
also offer benefits to all active U.S. military travelers.
Airline benefits
Military benefits are available to:
Active-duty military from the U.S. Army®, U.S. Navy, U.S. Air Force, U.S. Marines, U.S. Space Force, U.S. Coast Guard and National Guard
Cadets of the Air Force Academy, West Point, Naval Academy, Merchant Marine Academy and Coast Guard Academy
Commissioned Officers Corps of the U.S. Public Health and NOAA
Members who have been discharged within 7 days of scheduled travel
Checked bags Airline Club access Priority boarding
SM
You do not have to pay fees for up to five checked bags, depending on your orders. To find out how many
bags you can bring on your next flight, visit the checked bags page.
You can visit one of our Airline Club locations if there is space available. To learn more about the access
rules, visit the club and lounge access page.
Active military members can board with our pre-boarding group.
Traveler pro tip
If you're traveling between Honolulu (HNL) and Guam (GUM) on current orders, we can help you transport your pets. Visit the military pet program page
to learn more.
WeSalute+ discount
To thank U.S. military veterans, active duty military, National Guard and Reserve members, and their families for their service, Airline is proud to partner
with WeSalute , founded as Veterans Advantage, to provide WeSalute+ subscribers with a 5% discount on tickets for Airline and Airline Express
operated flights purchased on Airline.com.
Discounted flights are marked with a special offer indicator.
Additional discount details
Flights must originate in the U.S. or Canada.
Valid for travel to the U.S., Canada, Mexico, Central America, the Caribbean and Transatlantic destinations.
Also valid on transatlantic flights originating in the U.S. marketed by Airline and operated by Airline or Lufthansa Group.
Discount applies to the published adult base fare.
Can be used to book up to eight adult tickets per itinerary.
Basic Economy tickets are not eligible.
Special promotional fares are not eligible.
Discount does not apply to government-imposed taxes and fees or carrier-imposed international surcharges.
Join WeSalute+ today and you’ll get a 10-digit travel discount code that can be used to book your Airline travel. You'll also get your own private
login for online benefits access, account support, and toll-free dedicated member service.
Sign up for a 30-day trial of WeSalute+ and discover these special benefits. Please see the plans and pricing options to receive Airline
and hundreds more WeSalute+ savings offers.



Military checked bag policy
Active U.S. military personnel and their dependents.

The benefits below apply only on Airline- and Airline Express-operated flights.

Type of trip	Class of service	Number of bags
without service charges	Medium size	Maximum
weight per bag
Personal travel	All classes of service	3 bags	62 in. (158 cm)	70 lbs. (32 kg)
Military dependent with travel orders	All classes of service	2 bags	62 in. (158 cm)	70 lbs. (32 kg)
Military orders	All classes of service	5 bags	115 in. (292 cm)	100 lbs. (45 kg)
Dependents of active U.S. military personnel also share these benefits if they’re traveling on the same reservation.

When travel is due to military orders, dependents can travel alone. When a dependent travels on their own without proof of military orders, the normal allowance and fees apply.