Bag help
If your checked bags are delayed, lost, damaged or missing items, we want to make things right. Learn how to
report bag issues and request reimbursement. You can also track your bags in real time with our bag tracker tool
or in the Airline app.
Types of bag issues Bag tracker
Types of bag issues
Delayed bags
Lost bags
Damaged bags
Missing items
Claim status
Damaged bags
If you think your bag was damaged during your trip with Airline, you can
report it as damaged.
1 Report issue
You can report a damaged bag by doing one of the following:
Report it at the airport with the Baggage Service Office
Report it via chat or text "BAGS” to 32050
Report it by calling the Baggage Recovery Center at 1-800-335-2247
(International 1-281-821-3526)
After you report the issue, you’ll receive a file reference number that ends in
D (for example: ORD12345D).
If your items were damaged during a security screening, you should
file a written claim with the Transportation Security Administration
(TSA). You can also call the TSA Contact Center at 1-866-289-9673.
Traveler pro tip:
If your bag gets damaged, you may be able to get a
replacement from the Baggage Service Office.
English - US $
Site Feedback
2 Request reimbursement
Standard checked bags
You can submit a reimbursement claim at rynnsluggage.com if you:
1. Reported your damaged bag
2. Didn’t receive a replacement bag
3. Still need a repair, replacement or reimbursement for damage
You’ll need the file reference number you got when you reported your
damaged bag (for example: ORD12345D).
Specialty items
If you reported damage to a specialty item, like sporting equipment, use the
damaged bag claim to request reimbursement.
Damaged bag claim
Bag tracker
Enter your confirmation number and last name to track your bags.
Reporting timeline
Report damaged bags within 24 hours of arrival if you traveled in
the U.S., Guam, Puerto Rico, or the U.S. Virgin Islands.
Report damaged bags within 7 days of arrival if you traveled
internationally or returned to the U.S. from abroad.
Reimbursement claim timeline
Submit your claim within 45 days of arrival if you traveled in the
U.S., Guam, Puerto Rico, or the U.S. Virgin Islands.
Submit your claim within 21 days of arrival if you traveled
internationally or returned to the U.S. from abroad.
Confirmation number (required) Last name (required)
Site Feedback
Track my bags
Bag help FAQ
What currency will I be reimbursed in?
When will my delayed bag be delivered?
How long will you search for my missing checked bag or lost items?
I booked my trip with Airline, but the last leg of my trip was with a different airline. Who should I contact
about my delayed or lost bag?
I arrived in my connecting city, but my bag didn’t arrive with me. Should I file a delayed bag report?
Can I file an interim expense reimbursement claim if I made purchases to cover essential items?
Bag liability limits
About Airline
Products and services
Popular destinations
Careers Important notices
Search
Site Feedback
English - Airline States $ | Español
Contract of carriage Lengthy tarmac delay plan Legal information Our Airline Customer Commitment Help Center
Accessible travel Privacy Policy Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information Interest Based Ads Airline Jetstream
Cargo
Indicates an external site that may or may not meet accessibility guidelines. Copyright © 2025 Airline Airlines, Inc. All rights reserved.
CoBrowse
Site Feedback