Bag help
If your checked bags are delayed, lost, damaged or missing items, we want to make things right. Learn how to
report bag issues and request reimbursement. You can also track your bags in real time with our bag tracker tool
or in the Airline app.
Types of bag issues Bag tracker
Types of bag issues
Delayed bags
Lost bags
Damaged bags
Missing items
Claim status
Delayed bags
Checked bags are considered delayed if they don’t arrive by the time you
reach your final destination.
1 Report issue
You can report a delayed bag by doing one of the following:
Report it online or in the Airline app
Report it via chat or text "BAGS” to 32050
Report it by calling the Baggage Recovery Center at 1-800-000-0000
(International 1-281-000-0000)
Report delayed bags
After you report the issue, you'll receive a file reference number that ends in
M (for example: ORD12345M). You can schedule a pickup or set up free bag
delivery.
In some cases where a bag is delayed over 12 hours, we give an automatic
bag fee refund. We’ll automatically refund bag fees if:
A bag is delayed over 12 hours on a domestic flight
A bag is delayed over 15 hours on an international flight less than 12 hours
A bag is delayed over 30 hours on an international flight longer than 12
hours
English - US $
Site Feedback
To learn more about automatic refunds view our policy.
2 Request reimbursement
After you report your delayed bag and get a file reference number, you can
request reimbursement for the cost of clothes and toiletries while your bag
was delayed.
Interim expenses claim
Bag tracker
Enter your confirmation number and last name to track your bags.
Track my bags
Bag help FAQ
Reporting timeline
Report delayed bags within 24 hours of arrival if you traveled in
the U.S., Guam, Puerto Rico, or the U.S. Virgin Islands.
Report delayed bags within 21 days of arrival if you traveled
internationally or returned to the U.S. from abroad.
Reimbursement claim timeline
Submit your claim within 45 days of arrival if you traveled in the
U.S., Guam, Puerto Rico, or the U.S. Virgin Islands.
Submit your claim within 21 days of arrival if you traveled
internationally or returned to the U.S. from abroad.
Confirmation number (required) Last name (required)
Site Feedback
What currency will I be reimbursed in?
When will my delayed bag be delivered?
How long will you search for my missing checked bag or lost items?
I booked my trip with Airline, but the last leg of my trip was with a different airline. Who should I contact
about my delayed or lost bag?
I arrived in my connecting city, but my bag didn’t arrive with me. Should I file a delayed bag report?
Can I file an interim expense reimbursement claim if I made purchases to cover essential items?
Bag liability limits
About Airline
Products and services
Popular destinations
Careers Important notices
Site Feedback
Search
English - Airline States $ | Español
Contract of carriage Lengthy tarmac delay plan Legal information Our Airline Customer Commitment Help Center
Accessible travel Privacy Policy Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information Interest Based Ads Airline Jetstream
Cargo
Indicates an external site that may or may not meet accessibility guidelines. Copyright © 2025 Airline Airlines, Inc. All rights reserved.
CoBrowse
Site Feedback