Bag help
If your checked bags are delayed, lost, damaged or missing items, we want to make things right. Learn how to
report bag issues and request reimbursement. You can also track your bags in real time with our bag tracker tool
or in the Airline app.
Types of bag issues Bag tracker
Types of bag issues
Delayed bags
Lost bags
Damaged bags
Missing items
Claim status
Lost bags
If you haven’t received your bag more than 5 days after your arrival, it may
be lost.
1 Report issue
Before you can file a lost bag claim, you need to report your bag as delayed
by doing one of the following:
Report it online or in the Airline app
Report it via chat or text "BAGS” to 32050
Report it by calling the Baggage Recovery Center at 1-800-000-0000
(International 1-281-000-0000)
Report delayed bags
After you report the issue, you'll receive a file reference number that ends in
M (for example: ORD12345M).
2 Request reimbursement
If you don’t have your bag 5 days after your arrival and reported your bag as
delayed, we suggest filing a lost bag claim. In your claim, include detailed
information about the items in your luggage, receipts and a photo ID. We’ll
use this information to complete a thorough search for your bag or quickly
approve your reimbursement if we’re unable to find it.
English - US $
Site Feedback
The maximum reimbursement amount is $3,800 for flights in the U.S. and
$1,900 for international flights. Interim expenses that were already
reimbursed will be deducted from the total amount.
Lost bag claim
Bag tracker
Enter your confirmation number and last name to track your bags.
Track my bags
Bag help FAQ
What currency will I be reimbursed in?
When will my delayed bag be delivered?
How long will you search for my missing checked bag or lost items?
I booked my trip with Airline, but the last leg of my trip was with a different airline. Who should I contact
about my delayed or lost bag?
Reimbursement claim timeline
Submit your claim within 45 days of arrival if you traveled in the
U.S., Guam, Puerto Rico, or the U.S. Virgin Islands.
Submit your claim within 21 days of arrival if you traveled
internationally or returned to the U.S. from abroad.
Confirmation number (required) Last name (required)
Site Feedback
I arrived in my connecting city, but my bag didn’t arrive with me. Should I file a delayed bag report?
Can I file an interim expense reimbursement claim if I made purchases to cover essential items?
Bag liability limits
About Airline
Products and services
Popular destinations
Careers Important notices
Search
English - Airline States $ | Español
Contract of carriage Lengthy tarmac delay plan Legal information Our Airline Customer Commitment Help Center
Accessible travel Privacy Policy Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information Interest Based Ads Airline Jetstream
Cargo
Indicates an external site that may or may not meet accessibility guidelines. Copyright © 2025 Airline Airlines, Inc. All rights reserved.
CoBrowse
Site Feedback